>> KOURTNEY: We're having the
best time.
I threw up last night, four
times in my bed.
>> SCOTT: You know, the last
thing I want to do is really
hear exactly what Kourt's doing.
Of course, in the back of my
heart and mind, I get a little
jealous.
>> KOURTNEY: I actually woke up
to a text.
I think there's a link of Scott.
He's just annoying.
>> KHLOE: He's not even trying.
>> KOURTNEY: But what if
something happens to him?
>> KHLOE: I'm so tired of
people.
She's 30 minutes late.
Get your  lives together.
>> KIM: So, what's Kourtney's
excuse?
>> KHLOE: Why don't you chime in
and say something to her?
Why is it always me bullying
her?
>> KIM: 'Cause I just didn't
know.
I was upstairs working.
Well, well, well.
>> KHLOE: It's so rude and
unprofessional.
>> KOURTNEY: I'm not late.
>> KHLOE: How are you not late?
>> KOURTNEY: I mean, I-I said...
That's not what I meant.
: What did you say?
>> KHLOE: What?
>> KOURTNEY: I don't know.
I was getting a tea with Sarah.
>> KHLOE: That's why you're
late?
That's so  rude.
>> KOURTNEY: There was the
longest line.
>> KHLOE: Doesn't matter.
>> KOURTNEY: Well, I was
actually very on time, and I had
time to kill, and then the
traffic from getting to Beverly
Hills to here...
>> KHLOE: So you don't have Waze
to see if you're running on...
Never mind.
>> KOURTNEY: No, I didn't...
>> KHLOE: Why do I even talk to
you?
I don't even know why I try to
argue with you.
I think you're inconsiderate of
other people's times, and that's
one of the biggest signs of
disrespect you could show
anybody, so thank you for your
respect.
She keeps throwing  on
your floor.
>> KOURTNEY: That was a green
sprinkle that came from Kim's
ice cream.
Okay, go on.
Oh, my vagina.
>> KHLOE: Vagina hit.
>> KOURTNEY: Should I be like
Kim, and hit you?
>> KIM: Don't be  rude!
>> KOURTNEY: Are you kidding me?
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God!
You had shoes on,
you ass.
>> KIM: I'll  hurt you.
>> KHLOE: It's my new bag Kim
got me for my birthday!
>> KOURTNEY: Oh, she did?
>> KHLOE: Are you...
>> KIM: Do you guys think this
is normal?
>> KOURTNEY: Khloe,
you're like a rock-solid...
hard...
Bye.
>> KIM: Weirdos.
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: Hi.
>> FAYE: Hi, sweetheart.
>> KRIS: How are you?
>> FAYE: I'm good.
>> KRIS: You were early.
>> FAYE: I was early...
>> KRIS: And I appreciate that.
>> FAYE: ...and you were late...
>> KRIS: And I'm very proud of
you.
>> FAYE: I think, in our entire
relationship...
>> KRIS: I think it's the first
time in 40 years.
I'm so proud of you.
>> FAYE: I walked out of a
meeting, and I said, "I have to
go."
Perfect, thank you, Giuseppe.
Thank you.
>> KRIS: O.J.'s going up for
parole again.
>> FAYE: I know.
Scares the death out of me.
I've been having nightmares
about that.
>> KRIS: This is so good.
Do you want to taste this?
>> FAYE: How do you go from that
conversation to "this is so
good"?
>> KRIS: Because I'm in denial.
>> FAYE: Obviously.
So, do you have any time to have
dinner this week?
>> FAN: Sorry...
>> KRIS: Yes, I do...
>> FAN: Sorry to bother you.
>> KRIS: Hi!
>> FAN: Hi!
Would you mind taking a picture
with us?
>> FAYE: Aw...
>> KRIS: Sure.
>> FAYE: I'll take it.
>> FAN: Thank you.
>> FAYE: Of course.
>> KRIS: What is this, like an
opal?
>> FAN 2: It's actually her
grandmother.
>> KRIS: What?
>> FAN 2: Her grandmother is in
the ring.
>> FAYE: What?
>> FAN 2: Yeah.
>> FAN: Yeah.
>> KRIS : Her
grandmother is in the ring.
>> FAN: Yeah...
>> FAN 2: Is that crazy?
>> KRIS: A picture of her
grandmother?
>> FAN: No, it's actually her
cremated ashes.
>> FAYE: Wow!
>> FAN: Isn't that amazing?
>> KRIS: It's in this?
>> FAN: It's my grandma!
>> FAYE: Oh, my God!
>> KRIS: But it's like a peach
color.
Can I see it?
>> FAYE: I love it!
>> KRIS: Are you allowed to
touch your grandma?
>> FAN: Right?
>> FAYE: You guys, get closer
together.
>> FAN: Okay, um...
Oh!
>> FAYE: Oh, yeah.
So sexy.
>> FAN: Thank you.
>> FAYE: Your grandmother is
beautiful.
>> KRIS: This is starting to
creep me out a little bit.
Here's your ring.
>> FAN: Seriously.
>> FAYE: Really?
>> FAN: No, really.
>> KRIS: I thought she was
kidding.
That's her grandmother!
Okay.
>> FAN: Oh, no.
Sorry, awkward.
>> FAYE: Oh, my God.
Fantastic.
>> KRIS: Oh.
>> FAYE: That's so cool.
Nice meeting you.
>> KRIS: Thank you.
Thank you, guys.
>> FAN: Thank you very much.
>> FAYE: I love that.
>> KRIS: That's her grandmother.
I think that the one thing
that most families aren't
prepared for is death.
Although I've investigated a
lot of options before, it's
always been pushed to the side.
I would like to do the
mausoleum.
This could be Khloe's section,
and she could go all the way
up...
>> KHLOE: Mom, be careful.
>> MAN: Just go slow.
>> ROB: Slow...
>> KIM: Don't slip and die.
You might actually need this
thing.
>> KRIS: I've heard of people
that go to lunch with, like, an
urn with their grandfather's
ashes, just to be close to them,
so I'm not judging.
I would much rather not be stuck
in a hole in the ground.
>> FAYE: Right?
Oh, my God.
I can't believe we're having
this conversation.
I really can't do it.
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: Hi!
By all means, make yourself at
home.
Welcome to Williams Sonoma.
>> SCOTT: Home.
>> KRIS: How cute is this store?
>> SCOTT: It's absolutely
delightful.
>> KRIS: Isn't it great?
>> SCOTT: Yeah.
>> KRIS: Ooh, look at this big
blue one.
How much is this?
>> SCOTT: We'll take it.
>> KRIS: Hopefully, it's on the
top and not the bottom.
>> SALES ASSOCIATE: It's not,
but I can...
I can do this.
>> KRIS: No, no, no.
Well...
Eh...
>> SALES ASSOCIATE: Okay...
>> KRIS: Scott, help a girl out.
What's it say?
Hurry.
Here, it's a barcode.
>> SCOTT: "3-0-1-8-9..."
>> KRIS: Let me help you out.
"Associate number."
Can I have my own number?
>> SALES ASSOCIATE: Sure.
Why not?
You're taking my job, here.
>> SCOTT: This is bull.
If we never find the price, do
we just get it for free?
>> SALES ASSOCIATE: $350.
>> SCOTT: $350?
>> KRIS: $350?
>> SALES ASSOCIATE: And it's
yours.
>> KRIS: I love all the blue.
>> SCOTT: Ah, how nice!
>> KRIS: This is cute with the
gray linen.
>> SCOTT: Can you buy me this
cup?
>> KRIS: What?
>> SCOTT: There was the plastic
cups near the water, but I
assumed...
I just took a regular glass.
>> KRIS: You just took a glass
off the shelf?
>> SCOTT: Yeah, so I'm...
>> KRIS: And you're drinking
water?
>> SCOTT: I bought this glass.
>> KRIS: I cannot take you
anywhere.
It's unbearable.
Okay, we'll take that.
>> SALES ASSOCIATE 2: Okay.
>> SCOTT: Ah, what a nice little
purchase.
This is nice.
>> KRIS: It is nice.
Oop, be careful, there.
Hanging out with Scott is
usually really fun, and I'm
always in a good mood when I'm
with Scott.
But today he seems a little on
the feisty side.
>> KRIS: This is a cute little
glass.
>> SCOTT: So let's do eight of
those.
>> KRIS: So eight of these.
>> SCOTT: Yeah.
There you go.
This is exciting.
>> KRIS: Shut the  up.
I don't know what his deal is
right now.
>> SCOTT: Take a little nap out
here.
>> KRIS: I'm not gonna call him
out in front of the whole store,
but the behavior's a little
weird.
>> SCOTT: Some of these robes
look nice.
>> KRIS: Yeah, they do.
>> SCOTT: I got to start wearing
robes more.
>> KRIS: You know, the robe...
>> SCOTT: It's very Hugh Hefner.
>> KRIS: Oh, my God.
>> SCOTT: If I'm gonna be here
all day, I'm gonna start
relaxing.
Ah!
♪ ♪
>> KIM: How funny did Kylie used
to be?
Did you see that video?
>> KHLOE: Which one?
>> KIM: Yesterday I sent a
group text...
>> KHLOE: No, I never got...
>> KIM: Oh, it was so funny.
Like, I sent it, like...
>> KHLOE: If you're talking, get
out of here.
>> KOURTNEY: I actually said
that.
All right.
I'm getting off the phone.
>> KIM: You look cute.
>> KHLOE: You look very cute.
>> KOURTNEY: Thank you.
>> KIM: You look really cute.
>> KOURTNEY: Okay, bye.
Did you tell Khloe about our
Miami trip?
>> KIM: Well, I just wrote on
the group text.
>> KOURTNEY: We're gonna go to
the opening of LIV, when it
reopens.
>> KIM: Well, I just said, "Do
you guys want to go?"
>> KOURTNEY: So should we do a
Miami trip for the opening...
>> KIM: Yes.
>> KOURTNEY: ...just for, like,
legit, two nights?
And bring the kids and
go to the beach and stuff?
>> KHLOE: Oh, no.
>> KIM: No.
>> KHLOE: The kids?
>> KOURTNEY: Do you guys want to
know some exciting news?
>> KIM: What?
>> KOURTNEY: I figured out my
passion in life.
>> KIM: Let me guess.
Being a model?
>> KOURTNEY:  Yes.
I'm the new five-foot-one,
38-year-old supermodel.
Um... no, Simon...
I feel like Simon is just good
to, like, bounce ideas off of,
and he's like, "You have to just
take rein of, like, the interior
stuff, and that's, like, your
passion, so produce a show, like
a some kind of, like, interior
show..."
What?
>> KHLOE: This already sounds
like too much of a commitment
for you.
>> KOURTNEY: Why?
>> KHLOE: You don't like things
with big commitments.
>> KOURTNEY: Okay, so are you
here to kill my vibe, or are you
here to...
>> KHLOE: I'm being realistic.
You never are realistic.
Work is still work.
>> KIM: I think we're just a
little bit frustrated that you
never, like, show up to do work.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: What's that?
>> KRIS: So, when I pass away,
you would take my remains and
have a diamond made...
>> KIM: And turn it into a
diamond?
>> KRIS: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: Hold on.
Scott's having another episode.
>> KOURTNEY: Hey.
>> KHLOE: So, you're there?
>> KOURTNEY: Okay, so are you
here to kill my vibe, or are you
here to...
>> KHLOE: I'm being realistic.
You never are realistic.
Work is still work.
What kind of show do you want to
produce?
>> KOURTNEY: I'm not telling you
anymore.
>> KHLOE: A... interior design?
>> KOURTNEY: You lost your
opportunity.
>> KHLOE: Why?
'Cause I was being honest?
>> KOURTNEY: No, but it wasn't
even...
It wasn't only that.
>> KHLOE: I was just letting you
know, I think you have to be a
little more involved than just
slapping your name on something.
>> KIM: It's not just like, "Oh,
hey, I'm a Kardashian, so...
interior design.
No one's doing that."
It, like, has to be...
>> KHLOE: But what if you came
up with your own line?
>> KOURTNEY: I am.
>> KHLOE: Oh.
>> KOURTNEY: That's what I was
trying to tell you.
I could do a cool coffee table
book.
I could do tons of, like, home
stuff.
I just need to, like,
actually...
>> KHLOE: Do it.
>> KOURTNEY: ...do it.
>> KHLOE: Like, talking about it
is great, and that's right up
your alley.
It's so natural for you, but,
like, so, what's your next step?
Let's actually proceed.
>> KOURTNEY: I don't know.
>> KHLOE: I love Kourtney and I
want to support her, but I've
definitely heard this song and
dance before.
We were in the talks for doing
a fitness line and I put
everything on hold.
It doesn't really seem like this
train is moving at the speed I
want it to move...
>> KOURTNEY: Guess what.
I'm not the fastest-moving
person.
>> KHLOE: She has this pattern
of coming up with these great
ideas but then she doesn't
follow through with any of them.
She can't even show up to a
meeting on time.
>> KIM: It-it has to be, like...
You have to live it, breathe it.
People have to, like, feel it in
your soul.
>> KOURTNEY: It is in my soul.
>> NORTH: Her real name is
Diamond.
>> KIM:  It is?
>> KHLOE: Mom, are you working
out at 7:00 a.m.?
>> KRIS: I could do 6:30 to
7:30.
>> KHLOE: It's up to...
I mean, that's fine.
You don't have to.
>> KRIS: So, I don't know.
I went shopping with Scott.
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> KRIS: We went to Williams
Sonoma and he just seemed a
little bit off.
I'm just... I'm worried about
him.
I'm-I'm sincerely worried
about his well-being.
>> KOURTNEY: But I guarantee you
10,000% that you didn't say one
word.
>> KRIS: I kind of wonder is it
me?
Is it my imagination?
>> KOURTNEY: No.
Obviously not.
>> KRIS: Is it... it wasn't...
>> KOURTNEY: So  say
something.
>> KRIS: I think he really wants
to be invited to all the things
that we do and keep his...
you know...
>> KOURTNEY: Spot.
>> KRIS: ...in the fam.
>> KOURTNEY: He's always gonna
be part of the family.
That's not the issue, but
still...
>> KRIS: I know.
I still think he...
>> KOURTNEY: Say something,
then, though. Call him.
Say, "Hey, is everything okay
when we went to Williams Sonoma?
You seemed a little off."
I'm so sick of people, like, not
saying anything, though.
I am just over everybody feeling
the need to report to me, you
know, about every little detail
going on with Scott.
The situation is extremely hard
and complicated, but I do have
my own priorities and things
that I need to focus on.
He's just not, like, my biggest
concern anymore.
>> KRIS: Maybe he was just sad
because we were supposed to hang
out.
>> KOURTNEY: Mom.
>> KRIS: The kids and Scott, but
the kids ended up going to the
fair.
>> KHLOE: Stop making excuses
for him.
>> KOURTNEY: So, you guys could
have gone to the fair.
Both of you, instead of going to
Williams Sonoma.
Get your  sneakers on...
>> KRIS: I went to the fair for
40 years.
>> KOURTNEY: ...and go to the
fair!
>> KHLOE: 40 years?
>> KRIS: I went to a fair...
I took all of you guys to the
Del Mar fair.
>> KHLOE: That was MJ.
>> KOURTNEY: My grandparents
took me to the fair.
You never took us to the fair.
>> KRIS: I took you to the fair.
us.
>> KOURTNEY: We would go to the
UCLA fair.
Kim and I would...
>> KRIS: I've taken...
I used to take you to the Malibu
carnival when you were little.
>> KOURTNEY: You never took
us...
>> KIM: The chili cook
>> KOURTNEY: ...to the chili
cook-off.
>> KRIS: Oh, that was Kendall
and Kylie. Sorry.
>> KOURTNEY: Okay.
Get on some sneakers and take
your grandkids to the fair.
♪ ♪
>> KRIS: Hey.
>> KIM: Hey.
What's that?
>> KRIS: How cool is this?
This is the case that I ordered
because I wanted to see it of
the, um, the diamond.
>> KIM: What diamond?
>> KRIS: I thought I told you.
The diamond that I would make or
you would make out my...
cremations.
So, when I pass away, I would be
cremated and then you would take
my remains and have a diamond
made.
>> KIM: And turn it into a
diamond?
>> KRIS: Yeah.
I believe in God and I believe
that I'm definitely going to
heaven, so let's just get that
straight right now, but it's my
responsibility to make some
plans for the future so that my
kids don't have to worry about
it.
Listen, it's a very stressful
time when someone passes away,
so I thought I would take this
off of your plate because
you're always the one in charge
and show you how we could do it.
Okay, so these little lights...
oh, that's so cute.
So, I guess it just sits right
here, and then you could put it
in a case or you could wear it
around your neck.
>> KIM: Is it a, like, a real
diamond or, like, a fake dusty
diamond made out of, like,
ashes?
>> KRIS: I don't know, I have to
look it up.
I'm not really sure how it
works.
Just imagine me on that little
black velvet pedestal.
>> KIM: I imagine, like, a
hologram popping up in there.
And, like, you doing a dance or
something. You know?
Not, like...
Beauty and the
rose.
That's, like, the magical rose
in the box.
>> KRIS: You're right.
Beauty and the
Beast.
>> KIM: I get making something
into jewelry. Yeah.
>> KRIS: And I could be the
Beauty.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KYLIE: Grandma!
>> KHLOE: And at what point did
anybody think this filter was
okay to do?
I just... This is mean.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God.
You are one of the worst
drivers.
>> PENELOPE: You remember
when someone pulled you over.
>> KOURTNEY: Yes, that's true.
>> KHLOE: Ooh! Who pulled her
over?
A policeman?
Yeah?
>> KIM: Did she get a ticket?
>> PENELOPE: No!
>> KHLOE: Why not?
>> KOURTNEY: I pulled out the
good old "I have my period"
trick.
>> KHLOE: You're lying.
>> KOURTNEY: The guys don't know
how to handle that.
>> KHLOE: Holy macaroni.
>> KOURTNEY: I feel unfulfilled
in getting my creative energy
out.
>> KIM: But what do you want to
do?
You can't figure out what you
want to do.
>> KOURTNEY: I know...
My biggest priority is being a
mom, and I already feel spread
thin being a working mom, so
anything that I take on, I need
it to be something I feel really
excited and passionate and happy
about.
I feel like doing, um, like how
I se... found a house in
Nantucket that's cute.
Even just, like, buying that and
being able to decorate it.
>> KHLOE: But that's not what
we're talking about.
>> KIM: But you're buying,
buying, buying.
We're talking about working,
working, working.
>> KOURTNEY: No, but it's gonna
be a job.
>> KIM: Like, you're gonna look
up and be, like...
>> KOURTNEY: ...to flip it.
>> KHLOE: That's not a job.
>> KOURTNEY: To flip houses?
That's not a job?
>> KHLOE: If that's your
full-time job.
>> KOURTNEY: You-you can't
make, like, millions of dollars
doing that?
>> KHLOE: Yeah, but what are
you do...
How are you gonna be in
Nantuck...
>> KOURTNEY: I'm just saying,
even doing that, like, I need to
get out my creative energy.
Like, what Scott does is, like,
he'll buy it, live in it,
decorate it and then, like, flip
it, and if you bought something
that you were actually gonna use
a little...
>> KIM: So, I have a great idea.
Why don't you go into business
with Scott?
>> KOURTNEY: I know.
I swear, I've thought-- I've
thought about it, but no.
It doesn't really make sense
anymore.
>> KHLOE: Kourt, you don't have
anything that you're gonna stick
to, anyway.
>> KOURTNEY: I just feel really
frustrated because my sisters
are always pushing me, saying,
"Oh, you don't have a passion.
You don't have your own project.
What are you doing?
You don't have this.
You don't have that."
So, when I finally come to them
with, like, my ideas just trying
to get their feedback, I feel
like they're very negative.
It's just frustrating when
they're just, like, bringing me
down for everything that I'm
saying.
>> KIM: I don't get how you can
turn a body into a diamond.
People would be killing people
and making it into diamonds.
Maybe you should gain some
weight right before you die and
then we can make more.
>> KOURTNEY: Scott calls me at,
like, 2:00 in the morning and
then I just was like, "I have a
boyfriend!"
And, so, he was like, "He's your
boyfriend?!"
>> KHLOE: Stop.
>> KRIS: Oh, my God.
Khloe, will you stop playing the
piano and try calling your
sister?!
She's ten minutes late!
For gosh sakes!
It's so unprofessional around
here.
It's like a nursery school.
>> KHLOE: ♪ No one's showing up
For the meeting. ♪
>> KRIS: Shut up!
>> KHLOE: Mom!
>> KRIS: What?!
>> KHLOE: ♪ No one's showing up
For the meeting! ♪
>> KRIS: What did I do to
deserve this?
What?
>> KHLOE: It's in tune.
♪ ♪
I love it in here.
>> KIM: Well, welcome...
to my lair.
>> KHLOE : Oh,
my goodness, shorts on shorts.
I love your makeup, by the way.
>> KIM: Thank you.
Desi Perkins.
>> KHLOE: Is she gonna do your
makeup all the time?
No, she's, like, a beauty
blogger.
>> KIM: No, she's, like, a
beauty blogger.
>> KHLOE: A little more than you
normally do, but it's, like, so
pretty.
>> KIM: It's her new eye shadow.
>> KHLOE: It's so pretty.
>> KIM: Thank you. Um...
So, but, for Kourtney, I'm
literally, like, stumped.
Like, I'm like, "I don't know
what you want to do."
If you think about it, her whole
career, she's done everything
with us.
>> KHLOE: Mm-hmm.
>> KIM: Store, this, that,
whatever.
She's so codependent.
I don't know how she's gonna
break off and do something on
her own.
When I said, "Hey, guys, I want
to go do makeup on my own," it
was like...
"What are we gonna..."
You know, and I'm like, "It's
not that serious, guys."
You know, like, "I just want to
do something on my own."
And you figured it out.
You stepped up to the plate.
You figured out-- you have Good
American.
You know, I think she's
legitimately waiting on, like, a
sister trio.
>> KHLOE: Oh, God, yeah, right.
>> KIM: Something.
We just got to get her to, like,
do something and be motivated...
>> KHLOE: Yeah, but how are we
supposed to-- like, we can't
figure it out for her.
Like, I get she has kids and,
like, whatever, and I totally
get that's been her priority.
But, like, you never want to be
too comfortable.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: Like, always be on
your toes.
>> KIM: I wish I was a little
bit more comfortable.
I live on my  toes.
>> KHLOE: I don't think I could
slow down, I...
I enjoy working, too.
It's like... it's what we do.
>> KIM: We should see if Mom can
talk some sense into her.
I love this lip color on you.
>> KHLOE: Thanks.
>> KIM: It, like, warms you up,
but it's still nude.
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God.
I don't even know what it is.
>> KIM : The dinosaur
says, "No, no?"
What does the dinosaur say?
>> KOURTNEY: I wore the perfect
outfit for a 115-degree day.
>> KHLOE: No, it's crazy, the
weather.
It's so hot.
>> KOURTNEY: I love this room so
much.
>> KHLOE: Thank you.
What the hell did you bring me
over here for?
>> KOURTNEY: I just wanted to
check out your guest house and
let you know that last night,
Scott called me at, like, 2:00
in the morning.
>> KHLOE: 'Kay.
>> KOURTNEY: Which, he never
calls me late at night, ever.
And he was just, like, ranting.
Like, "What are we doing in
life?
What are you doing?
What am I doing?"
And then I'll go, "But what are
you doing?"
And then-- or then he'll say,
"But what are you doing?
Is it any better?
Is, like, what are you doing?"
And then...
>> KHLOE: Oh, my God.
At 2:00 a.m.?
>> KOURTNEY: 2:00 a.m.
And then by the end of the
conversation, I just was like,
"I have a boyfriend, and he's 24
years old!
It's not the craziest thing
that's ever happened in the
world."
And, so, he was like, "He's your
boyfriend?!" And then he...
>> KHLOE: That was a trigger,
of course!
>> KOURTNEY: And then he hung up
the phone.
>> KHLOE: Stop!
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: And did you call him
back?
>> KOURTNEY: No.
I went to bed.
>> KHLOE: You just let it go?
>> KOURTNEY: I just went to bed.
>> KHLOE: Wow.
Cut the cord.
And, so, what?
>> KRIS: Each and every LifeGem
diamond is certified for
authenticity by a...
>> KIM: Oh, my God!
I could turn your body into
that Asscher cut diamond.
>> KRIS:  Yes.
>> KIM: Come with me.
>> KOURTNEY: Like, literally,
you have to talk to him
like... like crazy.
Otherwise he won't listen.
When is it gonna be enough?
I have three kids to take care
of.
>> KOURTNEY: By the end of the
conversation, I just was like,
"I have a boyfriend."
>> KHLOE: Stop!
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: And did you call him
back?
>> KOURTNEY: No. I went to bed.
>> KHLOE: You just let it go?
>> KOURTNEY: I just went to bed.
>> KHLOE: Wow.
Cut the cord.
>> KOURTNEY: Got to do what you
got to do.
But also, I just thought he
knew-- like, I've...
>> KHLOE: No, no, no.
He'll never assume.
Are you kidding me?
>> KOURTNEY: But I just thought,
"How could he not know?"
We've been to Saint-Tropez.
We've been to Egypt.
>> KHLOE: I didn't know it was
your boyfriend.
>> KOURTNEY: But what do you
think, I'd just go on these...
>> KHLOE: No, I thought it...
>> KOURTNEY: ...elaborate trips?
>> KHLOE: I thought it was a guy
you're dating.
Why would we assume something
unless we hear it from you?
You can't just assume people
know.
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> KHLOE: Kourtney definitely
does things in her own time
whenever she feels comfortable,
but I am proud of Kourtney for
finally opening up to Scott
about her current relationship
status.
I'm just happy that there's,
like, motion moving forward for
her.
What can I do to get rid of
varicose veins?
>> KOURTNEY: I don't know.
Where do you have 'em?
>> KHLOE: Here.
>> KOURTNEY: You have to ask.
Like, I think you can laser
them.
>> KHLOE: Yeah, Mom said I
inject them with saline.
>> KOURTNEY: That sounds
hurtful.
>> KHLOE: She goes, "It's so
painful."
With a smile on her face.
I was like...  "Okay."
Weirdo.
>> DEAN: Hello, LifeGem.
This is Dean.
>> KRIS: Hey, Dean.
I'm just, actually, on your
website looking what you have
going on here, and it's kind of
fascinating.
Can you walk me through, just
quickly, you know, in general,
what the process is once someone
passes away?
>> DEAN: Typically, uh, when
someone calls us, we actually
send out a kit that, uh, holds
the amount of remains that we
use for the process.
So, we heat those remains up to
about 3,000 degrees centigrade.
Basically, what that does is it
leaves us with the pure carbon
and then that goes into, uh, one
of our diamond presses.
>> KRIS: But if I wanted to do,
like, a diamond and I needed six
diamonds, I could probably get
six diamonds out of one body.
>> DEAN: Oh, yeah, yep.
That would not be a problem.
>> KRIS: Interesting.
Dean, this has been so helpful.
I really appreciate you getting
on the phone with me.
I'm gonna have a little chat
with my kids.
Uh, we'll contact you and tell
you kind of like what we're
gonna do.
>> DEAN: All right.
You're very welcome, Kris.
>> KRIS: Okay.
>> DEAN: Thank you for calling.
>> KRIS: All right, you got it.
Bye-bye.
>> DEAN: Okay, yep. Bye-bye.
>> KRIS: Maybe you should gain
some weight right before you die
and then we can make more.
>> KRIS: Well, he just said...
>> KIM: Is it like a nice
quality diamond?
>> KRIS: Look at it!
"Each and every LifeGem diamond
is certified for authenticity."
>> KIM: Oh, my God!
I could turn your body into that
Asscher cut diamond.
>> KRIS:  Yes.
>> KIM: Come with me.
>> KRIS:  Well, you got
to wait till I die first.
>> KIM: I'm shoving you in the
car.
>> KRIS: And what if they make
and take your remains and get
them mixed up with other
remains?
>> KIM: That is so weird.
>> KRIS: Or lose you in the
mail?
All this information is like a
buzzkill.
I just, I can't wrap my head
around all the technical stuff
and what it really means, and
I appreciate it, for sure.
There are just so many options
with this death diamond process
that I don't know what to do,
because I have so many kids, and
it's just getting ridiculous.
>> KIM: I just don't get it.
I don't get how you can turn a
body into a diamond.
People would be killing people
and taking their bodies and
making it into diamonds and
selling it.
>> KRIS: You should start this
business because you're very
entrepreneurial.
>> KIM: I'm gonna steal all your
and see what I can turn
into a diamond.
>> KIM : Who is this
cutie?
♪ ♪
>> MALIKA: Ugh.
I'm such a lost cause.
>> KHLOE: No, you're not.
You really just pick the wrong
people.
>> MALIKA: I think so.
>> KHLOE: I think we all have
our , but you are
pretty, like, you're a good
catch, so it's not like...
>> MALIKA: Look, all I'm gonna
tell you is I might show up one
day with a partner named
Monique.
>> KHLOE: No, you won't.
I mean, if you like that sort
of thing, you might, but...
>> MALIKA: I don't even know
what to do with one more vagina
to be very honest with you.
>> KHLOE: Hold on.
Scott's having another episode.
It's always something in this
family.
>> MALIKA: People actually
announce that?
>> KOURTNEY: Hey.
>> KHLOE: So, you told him you
have a boyfriend.
Now he's doing this, because he
knows every time he does that
you come over there running.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
I'm here.
I'm just in the driveway.
>> KHLOE: So you're there?
>> KRIS: You don't want to give
as much as the rest of us have
to give to make things happen.
>> KOURTNEY: That doesn't mean
that I can't still do something,
just because if I don't want to
do it exactly like everybody
else does.
>> KOURTNEY: I'm here.
I'm just in the driveway.
>> KHLOE: So, you're there?
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah, I'm here.
>> KHLOE: You did exactly what
he wanted...
>> MALIKA: What he wants...
>> KOURTNEY: I don't know.
I was like, "What are you
on?"
And he's like, "Everything."
>> KHLOE: You know he's just
doing this for attention right
now.
I just think you're doing
exactly what he wants.
Of course, you have to do
whatever that makes you feel
better, but...
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: He's just doing this
for attention right now.
>> KOURTNEY: I'll see the vibe,
I guess, when I get in.
I'll call you back.
Bye.
>> KHLOE: Bye.
Oh, oh, oh.
He does this all the time.
And I'm sorry for sounding cold.
>> MALIKA: I feel bad for her to
keep having to deal with this.
Well, I mean, I don't...
I think what you're doing is
you're speaking the facts.
Do you feel bad about his state
of mind and where he is?
Of course you do, but for what
he's putting Kourtney through,
no.
That's not something you think
is cool, so you're not gonna put
sugar on .
♪ ♪
>> KIM: Kourt?
>> KHLOE: It says it's a
superfood, but now I'm confused.
>> KOURTNEY: It has carbs,
'cause of sugar, right?
Everything in moderation.
Remember?
Remember that rule?
>> KHLOE: First of all,
Kourtney's been on savage mode.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah, I've been on
savage  mode.
>> KHLOE: Today was epic.
>> KOURTNEY: I just honestly
don't have the energy.
>> KHLOE: I know.
'Cause it's repetitive.
>> KOURTNEY: Um...
So, yeah.
I went to Scott's house, 'cause
he called me and was really out
of it.
He was just very aggressive.
And then I was like, "I'm
leaving."
And I just started crying, and I
was like, "I do not need to even
be here."
And then I was like, "Just,
like, sit down!"
Like, literally, you have to
talk to him like, like crazy.
Otherwise, he won't listen, so
I'm like, "Sit down across the
room from me.
Like, what the  is wrong
with you?
When is it gonna be enough?
I have three kids to take care
of."
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KOURTNEY: Like...
>> KIM: And what did he say?
>> KOURTNEY: He was just being
like a beast, and I was like,
"I'm getting out of here."
And I was like, "I'm leaving,"
and I just left.
I feel like whenever Scott seems
to be on a good path, something
happens.
I think that it's not fair,
because it comes off of me
telling him that I'm in a
relationship.
It seems like when I'm happy and
in a good place in my life, then
Scott does something to get my
attention.
I want to be supportive, but I
think it's time that I set some
new boundaries with Scott.
>> KHLOE: Now, you said he's at
home.
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> KHLOE: And is he good?
>> KOURTNEY: I don't know.
I talked to him last night.
He asked for his passport,
watches...
>> KHLOE: So typical.
>> KOURTNEY: ...credit cards
that I took, so...
>> KHLOE: I mean, I'm happy he's
better or doing somewhat better.
♪ ♪
>> KIM: Mom?
>> KRIS: Hey, guys.
>> KOURTNEY: Hey, Mom.
>> KRIS: Hi.
What's going on?
I heard you had some business
things you want to discuss.
>> KOURTNEY: I just feel like I
need to do something creative,
like design stuff.
So I want to do my own line...
>> KIM: You've got the
credibility.
>> KOURTNEY: ...starting with,
like, accessories, and then
I'd like to produce a show or
something like that, that's,
like, just more things to get me
into that space.
>> KRIS: Yeah, start focusing on
what you want it to look like,
and then you go out there and
you get it.
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> KRIS: You design it, and you
start doing your homework and
your due diligence.
>> KOURTNEY: Okay.
>> KIM: I mean, you're just
really passionate about
something, and then I feel like
there's always one thing...
If it doesn't go perfectly your
way, then you just drop the ball
on it, and you're, like, over
it.
When, like, that's just not how
it should be.
>> KRIS: Yeah.
I want you to find something
that you really want to do and
that you love to do so that you
can do it for years to come.
You know, Kim threw herself into
her makeup and realized...
You said to me one day, "Mom,
this is like a 24-hour-a-day
job.
That's what it's gonna take."
But you have a different work
ethic than the rest of us, and
part of that isn't working as
hard as everyone else.
>> KOURTNEY: It doesn't mean
that I can't still do something
just because if I don't want to
do it exactly like everybody
else does, and I want to...
>> KRIS: It's about the...
>> KOURTNEY: ...put my
priorities differently...
>> KRIS: ...energy that you put
out there, and the way that you
go about doing things.
You don't want to give as much
as the rest of us have to give
to make things happen.
>> KOURTNEY: And I don't, and I
agree with you, but that's...
That doesn't mean I'm not gonna
do anything.
It just needs to make sense for
my kids.
>> KRIS: I get that.
You've got a lot of things...
>> KIM: Yeah, I think your work
ethic is just a little
different.
>> KOURTNEY: It is, and I'm...
But I'm fine with that.
>> KRIS: What you could do would
be quite powerful and I-- and
I'm quite sure very successful.
You just have to put your mind
to it.
>> KIM: You have to, like, stay
focused.
>> KRIS: That's all.
>> KOURTNEY: It's like, I'm not
sitting here dillydallying.
>> KHLOE: What are you doing?
>> KRIS: Walking!
So, I'm counting my steps.
>> KHLOE: Come on, let's go.
>> KIM: So, what's going on with
Scott?
>> KOURTNEY: I just feel like,
of course I just want him to be
happy and healthy.
I mean, I've made it clear to
Scott that he dictates his own
path.
♪ ♪
>> KHLOE: Mom?
>> KRIS: Yeah?
>> KHLOE: What are you doing?
>> KRIS: Walking!
I have a Fitbit, so I'm counting
my steps.
I need to get 10,000 steps a
day.
>> KHLOE: Okay.
>> KRIS: So, I wanted to talk to
you really about that whole "my
body being cremated and then
turned into a diamond," kind of.
>> KHLOE: Kim warned me about my
mom and this obsession that she
has with turning her ashes into
stone...
I guess I'm the next one on the
list that has to hear it from
her.
>> KRIS: And it...
The whole thing is just so
confusing to me, and I really
have been under so much stress
about it.
I really think about it all the
time, and I don't think I can
take the anxiety of it all.
My heart just can't take it
anymore.
I just wanted to tell you,
because I think, right now,
you're the only one paying
attention to me.
>> KHLOE: Well, maybe because
you're walking and pacing when
you talk to people.
>> KRIS:  I know.
Isn't it great?
>> KHLOE: So, I don't really
care.
My body here doesn't, like,
matter to me.
Like, I-I know that all that
matters is where I am in
heaven...
>> KRIS: Yeah...
>> KHLOE: ...and, like, so
that's what matters to me, so...
>> KRIS: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: I just want everyone
to be happy.
I don't really care where my,
like, human form goes.
>> KRIS: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: I've seen my dad one
t... my dad's grave one time.
I think that's such...
To me, my personality is, I
think a grave is bull.
I don't care for that stuff.
Like, I talk to my dad every
day.
That's what I do. I pray.
Like, my dad's not there.
He's not buried in dirt.
Like, that's, like, ridiculous
to me.
>> KRIS: Yeah.
I think I'm kind of with you,
and maybe that's why I started
thinking about being cremated.
But on the other hand, I just
want to be all together.
It's just too confusing.
And I don't really think I want
to be a diamond, I'd rather wear
a diamond.
>> KHLOE : Okay.
>> KRIS: As much as I want to be
in control of this whole
situation, I think I have
decided to let my kids worry
about it when the time comes.
I am not gonna stress myself out
about it anymore.
The truth is, it doesn't matter
where my body goes, because I
will always be with my kids.
>> KHLOE: How many steps are you
at?
>> KRIS: 9,300.
Come on, let's go. Come on.
>> KHLOE: You'll show me what?
I don't have one.
>> KRIS: I'm gonna show you the
pace, but I have one to mark it.
You can just walk around while
you're on the phone, and you,
like, don't waste energy.
Like, you're on the phone...
I don't like that face, missy.
Come on.
See? A little loop around the
kitchen.
The Golden
Girls.
>> KRIS: Yeah. This is how they
worked out.
♪ ♪
>> KENDALL: Sister time.
>> KYLIE: Hey, guys.
>> KIM: What's going on?
You're so skinny.
>> KOURTNEY: I know.
I'm 97 pounds again.
When I go on vacation, I swear I
ate croissants, like, chocolate
croissants every morning.
Oatmeal, like, everything.
>> KIM: Living it up.
>> KOURTNEY: ..and I just...
lose weight.
>> KIM: So, what's going on with
Scott?
Like, what kind of boundaries
are you setting?
>> KOURTNEY: I mean, I've made
it clear to Scott that he
dictates his own...
path.
Like, if he's in a good place,
like, he can come around and,
you know, be a part of things.
I just... I don't care as much
to be, like, monitoring...
>> KIM: Mm-hmm.
>> KOURTNEY: ...his every move
as long as I can tell that he's,
like, okay.
I just feel like I just want him
to be happy and healthy.
Like, I'll always be there for
him, and, like...
you know, as much as I can be.
>> KIM: You want the best for
him, but you also now have your
life, and you have to, like...
have these boundaries.
♪ ♪
>> KOURTNEY: I just think Scott
has to figure this all out on
his own.
Like, he's 34 years old, you
know?
Like, he's got to know what to
do if he-- it just-- it's like,
what life does he want to live?
It's not up to me.
It's up to him.
Like, I... there's only so much
I can do, and I think I've done
it all.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KOURTNEY: I think I've spent
ten years, you know, doing the
best that I could to make sure
he was okay.
But, like, if he truly doesn't
want it for himself, there's
nothing that I can do.
He's gone through this 99,000
times already.
>> KIM: I feel you.
>> KOURTNEY: Whatever changes he
wants to make, he has to do it
himself.
♪ ♪
>> KOURTNEY: Hi! How are you?
>> RICHARD: How are you?
>> MARTYN: So, for this dining
room shot, obviously, we...
the... it's quite plain in here.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> MARTYN: So we need to kind
of amp it up a little bit.
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> MARTYN: Do we have any
colored glasses?
I know we've got all those
Riedel crystal ones, but have we
got any colored ones?
>> KOURTNEY: No.
>> MARTYN: How fun it would be
to kind of do some colored ones?
>> KOURTNEY: That's going on my
Christmas list.
>> MARTYN: We need a little...
>> KOURTNEY: Martyn Lawrence
Bullard is a friend and an
amazing interior designer.
And we are shooting my home
today for an interior design
magazine.
I have these, okay?
I love to bounce ideas off of
him.
He's just very inspiring and
motivating, and just always has
great ideas.
So, I wanted to pick your brain,
'cause I feel like my sisters
keep putting all this pressure
on me.
>> MARTYN: Let's sit down,
please.
>> KOURTNEY: Okay.
>> MARTYN: It's, it's a proper
conversation.
>> KOURTNEY: Um, so, my sisters,
you know, they keep, like,
saying, "Well, what's your
passion, what are you gonna do?"
And I finally feel, like, at the
place where I could take
something else on.
>> MARTYN: I mean, I... having
worked with you for the last
couple years, and, you know, I
love you, and I think you've got
an unbelievable talent inside of
you for design, and I've seen
you learn.
You know, I just tell you one
thing, and you go off and learn
the whole book.
But I feel that... I feel that
first and foremost, it's an
amazing blessing to be a
Kardashian, and it's a really
difficult situation, too,
because whatever you do to go
into any field, people are
gonna want to put you down
immediately.
So you need to really find a
specialized area you want to get
into.
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> MARTYN: Maybe put together
some samples, or put together
some storyboards.
You know, like we did for
your house?
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> MARTYN: Of images, of looks,
of things, that you can take and
then present.
If you go in with those ideas--
and you have those ideas, 'cause
you tell them to me-- I feel
like you can transition that and
really kind of carve your niche.
You could be amazing.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> MARTYN: I can happily help
introduce you to some of...
even some of my licensees, some
of the things that I've got
coming out and doing now.
'Cause I have eight new lines
going out in the next...
>> KOURTNEY: That's amazing.
>> MARTYN: ...seven months.
>> KOURTNEY: I'm realizing that
I don't need my sisters'
permission, ideas or feedback to
do my own thing.
Everybody finds their path at
different times.
Whether it's interior design or
something else.
I'm just at a place right now in
my life with work and
relationships where I feel like
I need to take charge and really
live life for myself and for my
kids.
It's so good to see you.
I'm so happy we, like, got...
>> RICHARD: Me, too. Me, too.
I'm so excited.
>> KOURTNEY: It's so good.
>> RICHARD: Yeah, can't wait to
see the, uh...
>> KOURTNEY: The photos. Yeah.
What?
>> REIGN: Monster!
>> KOURTNEY: A monster?
>> REIGN: Yeah. Come on!
>> KOURTNEY: Okay. Hurry.
♪ ♪
Hang on.
>> KHLOE: My new best friend.
Sorry, Malika.
Say hi.
>> KOURTNEY: Ugh, these cookies
are s...
>> MASON: I want one!
I want one!
>> KOURTNEY: Okay, you can have
one, and then that's it, okay?
>> MASON: Okay.
>> KOURTNEY: 'Cause you had...
you had one earlier, right?
>> MASON: You said you had
three?
>> KOURTNEY: Oh. Actually, I had
two.
>> MASON: Oh.
>> KOURTNEY: So now we're even.
>> SCOTT: You look like the
Fonz.
>> KOURTNEY: He does.
>> SCOTT: With his sleeves all
up-- he's like, "I'm gonna brush
my hair the way Mama likes it."
>> KOURTNEY: I love it like
that, Mase.
>> SCOTT: You want to take that
to our house?
>> MASON: What?
>> SCOTT: Want to take that...
>> MASON: What? Yeah.
>> KOURTNEY: Oh, you're gonna
stay at Dad's?
>> MASON: Mm-hmm. It's fun.
I like the scenery, the quiet.
>> KOURTNEY: At Dad's?
>> MASON: Yeah. I like to be
with my father.
>> SCOTT: That's my brotha.
>> KOURTNEY: That's nice, Mase.
>> SCOTT: It's crazy how old
he's getting.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> SCOTT: How old are you?
>> MASON: Seven and a half.
♪ ♪
>> SCOTT: You know, I definitely
realize now a lot of the
mistakes that I've made in the
past.
I think, you know, I've learned
a lot from it, and I've been
able to mature from it.
And I think one of my biggest
concerns is that I really just
don't want to jeopardize my
relationship with Kourtney as a
friend because of our children.
And I just needed to watch out
for myself, to keep a decent
lifestyle to be around my
family.
Oh, we've got to get going.
We've got a date with destiny.
>> KOURTNEY: Give me a kiss.
I'll see you at the bus stop
tomorrow.
>> SCOTT: We literally sound
like a homeless family.
>> MASON: The bus stop
Are you dropping me...
>> SCOTT: I'm dropping you at
the bus stop, and then you're
gonna wait there until Mom pulls
up-- that's where we're gonna
meet, and then you'll hop into
her car.
>> MASON: Oh, yeah, we got a
date with destiny!
>> SCOTT: Love you, partner.
I'll see you in the business
side of things.
>> KOURTNEY: Okay.
>> KIM: On the next episode...
>> KOURTNEY: Oh, my God.
>> KIM: Shut the  up!
We are in New York.
I haven't been to a Fashion Week
in a while, and I'm just so
excited.
TMZ just posted that my
surrogate is pregnant.
The identity of our surrogate
and all of her personal
information got leaked.
Captioning sponsored by
BUNIM-MURRAY PRODUCTIONS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org